Multi-arch improvement (#10730)
flutter/website: src/_includes/docs/install/reqs/linux/software.md

          libbz2-1.0:i386
      ```

>       > If your Ubuntu distribution can't find these packages, you might need to enable multi-architecture support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Ubuntu distribution can't find the following packages,
you might need to enable multi-architecture support:
```

Author: Good suggestion. Because the packages have already been listed, would you suggest moving this paragraph above the `console` code block or possibly saying "...can't find the listed packages"?
